doc/install/Production-Ubuntu.md, before:

# Production Installation on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS

## Install Ubuntu Server (x64) 14.04 LTS
1. Set up 3 machines with Ubuntu 14.04 with 2GB of RAM or more.  The servers will be used for the Load Balancer, Mattermost (this must be x64 to use pre-built binaries), and Database.
1. Make sure the system is up to date with the most recent security patches.
  * ``` sudo apt-get update```
  * ``` sudo apt-get upgrade```

## Set up Database Server
1. For the purposes of this guide we will assume this server has an IP address of 10.10.10.1
1. Install PostgreSQL 9.3+ (or MySQL 5.6+)
  * ``` sudo apt-get install postgresql postgresql-contrib```
1. PostgreSQL created a user account called `postgres`.  You will need to log into that account with:
  * ``` sudo -i -u postgres```
1. You can get a PostgreSQL prompt by typing:
  * ``` psql```
1. Create the Mattermost database by typing:
  * ```postgres=# CREATE DATABASE mattermost;```
1. Create the Mattermost user by typing:
  * ```postgres=# CREATE USER mmuser WITH PASSWORD 'mmuser_password';```
1. Grant the user access to the Mattermost database by typing:
  * ```postgres=# GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE mattermost to mmuser;```
1. You can exit out of PostgreSQL by typing:
  * ```postgre=# \q```
1. You can exit the postgres account by typing:
  * ``` exit```
1. Allow Postgres to listen on all assigned IP Addresses
  * ```sudo vi /etc/postgresql/9.3/main/postgresql.conf```
  * Uncomment 'listen_addresses' and change 'localhost' to '*'
1. Alter pg_hba.conf to allow the mattermost server to talk to the postgres database
  * ```sudo vi /etc/postgresql/9.3/main/pg_hba.conf```
  * Add the following line to the 'IPv4 local connections'
  * host    all             all             10.10.10.2/32         md5
1. Reload Postgres database
  * ```sudo /etc/init.d/postgresql reload```


## Set up Mattermost Server
1. For the purposes of this guide we will assume this server has an IP address of 10.10.10.2
1. For the sake of making this guide simple we located the files at `/home/ubuntu/mattermost`. In the future we will give guidance for storing under `/opt`.
1. We have also elected to run the Mattermost Server as the `ubuntu` account for simplicity.  We recommend setting up and running the service under a `mattermost` user account with limited permissions.
1. Download the latest Mattermost Server by typing:
  * ``` wget https://github.com/mattermost/platform/releases/download/v1.2.1/mattermost.tar.gz```
1. Unzip the Mattermost Server by typing:
  * ``` tar -xvzf mattermost.tar.gz```
1. Create the storage directory for files.  We assume you will have attached a large drive for storage of images and files.  For this setup we will assume the directory is located at `/mattermost/data`.
  * Create the directory by typing:
  * ``` sudo mkdir -p /mattermost/data```
  * Set the ubuntu account as the directory owner by typing:
  * ``` sudo chown -R ubuntu /mattermost```
1. Configure Mattermost Server by editing the config.json file at `/home/ubuntu/mattermost/config`
  * ``` cd ~/mattermost/config```
  * Edit the file by typing:
  * ``` vi config.json```
  * replace `DriverName": "mysql"` with `DriverName": "postgres"`
  * replace `"DataSource": "mmuser:mostest@tcp(dockerhost:3306)/mattermost_test?charset=utf8mb4,utf8"` with `"DataSource": "postgres://mmuser:mmuser_password@10.10.10.1:5432/mattermost?sslmode=disable&connect_timeout=10"`
  * Optionally you may continue to edit configuration settings in `config.json` or use the System Console described in a later section to finish the configuration.
1. Test the Mattermost Server
  * ``` cd ~/mattermost/bin```
  * Run the Mattermost Server by typing:
  * ``` ./platform```
  * You should see a console log like `Server is listening on :8065` letting you know the service is running.
  * Stop the server for now by typing `ctrl-c`
1. Setup Mattermost to use the Ubuntu Upstart daemon which handles supervision of the Mattermost process.
  * ``` sudo touch /etc/init/mattermost.conf```
  * ``` sudo vi /etc/init/mattermost.conf```
  * Copy the following lines into `/etc/init/mattermost.conf`
```
start on runlevel [2345]
stop on runlevel [016]
respawn
chdir /home/ubuntu/mattermost
setuid ubuntu
exec bin/platform
```   
  * You can manage the process by typing:
  * ``` sudo start mattermost```
  * Verify the service is running by typing:
  * ``` curl http://10.10.10.2:8065```
  * You should see a page titles *Mattermost - Signup*
  * You can also stop the process by running the command ` sudo stop mattermost`, but we will skip this step for now.

## Set up Nginx Server
1. For the purposes of this guide we will assume this server has an IP address of 10.10.10.3
1. We use Nginx for proxying request to the Mattermost Server.  The main benefits are:
  * SSL termination
  * http to https redirect
  * Port mapping :80 to :8065
  * Standard request logs
1. Install Nginx on Ubuntu with
  * ``` sudo apt-get install nginx```
1. Verify Nginx is running
  * ``` curl http://10.10.10.3```
  * You should see a *Welcome to nginx!* page
1. You can manage Nginx with the following commands
  * ``` sudo service nginx stop```
  * ``` sudo service nginx start```
  * ``` sudo service nginx restart```
1. Map a FQDN (fully qualified domain name) like **mattermost.example.com** to point to the Nginx server.
1. Configure Nginx to proxy connections from the internet to the Mattermost Server
  * Create a configuration for Mattermost
  * ``` sudo touch /etc/nginx/sites-available/mattermost```
  * Below is a sample configuration with the minimum settings required to configure Mattermost
 ```
   server {
	  server_name mattermost.example.com;
      location / {
		  client_max_body_size 50M;
		  proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
          proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
		  proxy_set_header Host $http_host;
		  proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
		  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
		  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
		  proxy_set_header   X-Frame-Options   SAMEORIGIN;
          proxy_pass http://10.10.10.2:8065;
      }
    }
```
  * Remove the existing file with
  * ``` sudo rm /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default```
  * Link the mattermost config by typing:
  * ```sudo ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/mattermost /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/mattermost```
  * Restart Nginx by typing:
  * ``` sudo service nginx restart```
  * Verify you can see Mattermost thru the proxy by typing:
  * ``` curl http://localhost```
  * You should see a page titles *Mattermost - Signup*
  
## Set up Nginx with SSL (Recommended)
1. You will need a SSL cert from a certificate authority.
2. For simplicity we will generate a test certificate.
  * ``` mkdir ~/cert```
  * ``` cd ~/cert```
  * ``` sudo openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout mattermost.key -out mattermost.crt```
  * Input the following info 
```
    Country Name (2 letter code) [AU]:US
    State or Province Name (full name) [Some-State]:California
    Locality Name (eg, city) []:Palo Alto
    Organization Name (eg, company) [Internet Widgits Pty Ltd]:Example LLC
    Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:
    Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:mattermost.example.com
    Email Address []:admin@mattermost.example.com
```
3. Run `openssl dhparam -out dhparam.pem 4096` (it will take some time).
4. Modify the file at `/etc/nginx/sites-available/mattermost` and add the following lines:
```
  server {
       listen         80;
       server_name    mattermost.example.com;
       return         301 https://$server_name$request_uri;
  }
  
  server {
        listen 443 ssl;
        server_name mattermost.example.com;
		
        ssl on;
        ssl_certificate /home/ubuntu/cert/mattermost.crt;
        ssl_certificate_key /home/ubuntu/cert/mattermost.key;
        ssl_dhparam /home/ubuntu/cert/dhparam.pem;
        ssl_session_timeout 5m;
        ssl_protocols TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2;
        ssl_ciphers 'EECDH+AESGCM:EDH+AESGCM:AES256+EECDH:AES256+EDH';
        ssl_prefer_server_ciphers on;
        ssl_session_cache shared:SSL:10m;

		# add to location / above
		location / {
			gzip off;
			proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Ssl on;
```
## Finish Mattermost Server setup

1. Navigate to https://mattermost.example.com and create a team and user.
1. The first user in the system is automatically granted the `system_admin` role, which gives you access to the System Console.
1. From the `town-square` channel click the dropdown and choose the `System Console` option
1. Update Email Settings.  We recommend using an email sending service.  The example shows how an Amazon SES setup might look (sample credentials shown below are not real).
  * Set *Send Email Notifications* to true
  * Set *Require Email Verification* to true
  * Set *Feedback Name* to `No-Reply`
  * Set *Feedback Email* to `mattermost@example.com`
  * Set *SMTP Username* to `AFIADTOVDKDLGERR`
  * Set *SMTP Password* to `DFKJoiweklsjdflkjOIGHLSDFJewiskdjf`
  * Set *SMTP Server* to `email-smtp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`
  * Set *SMTP Port* to `465`
  * Set *Connection Security* to `TLS`
  * Save the Settings
1. Update File Settings
  * Change *Local Directory Location* from `./data/` to `/mattermost/data`
1. Update Log Settings.
  * Set *Log to The Console* to false  
1. Update Rate Limit Settings.
  * Set *Vary By Remote Address* to false
  * Set *Vary By HTTP Header* to X-Real-IP
1. Feel free to modify other settings.
1. Restart the Mattermost Service by typing:
  * ``` sudo restart mattermost```

Commit message:

Clarifying single machine install works as well

doc/install/Production-Ubuntu.md, after:

# Production Installation on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS

## Install Ubuntu Server (x64) 14.04 LTS
1. Set up 3 machines with Ubuntu 14.04 with 2GB of RAM or more.  The servers will be used for the Load Balancer, Mattermost (this must be x64 to use pre-built binaries), and Database.
   - **Optional:** You can also use a single machine for all 3 components in this install guide, depending on the standards of your data center.
2. Make sure the system is up to date with the most recent security patches.
  * ``` sudo apt-get update```
  * ``` sudo apt-get upgrade```

## Set up Database Server
1. For the purposes of this guide we will assume this server has an IP address of 10.10.10.1
1. Install PostgreSQL 9.3+ (or MySQL 5.6+)
  * ``` sudo apt-get install postgresql postgresql-contrib```
1. PostgreSQL created a user account called `postgres`.  You will need to log into that account with:
  * ``` sudo -i -u postgres```
1. You can get a PostgreSQL prompt by typing:
  * ``` psql```
1. Create the Mattermost database by typing:
  * ```postgres=# CREATE DATABASE mattermost;```
1. Create the Mattermost user by typing:
  * ```postgres=# CREATE USER mmuser WITH PASSWORD 'mmuser_password';```
1. Grant the user access to the Mattermost database by typing:
  * ```postgres=# GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE mattermost to mmuser;```
1. You can exit out of PostgreSQL by typing:
  * ```postgre=# \q```
1. You can exit the postgres account by typing:
  * ``` exit```
1. Allow Postgres to listen on all assigned IP Addresses
  * ```sudo vi /etc/postgresql/9.3/main/postgresql.conf```
  * Uncomment 'listen_addresses' and change 'localhost' to '*'
1. Alter pg_hba.conf to allow the mattermost server to talk to the postgres database
  * ```sudo vi /etc/postgresql/9.3/main/pg_hba.conf```
  * Add the following line to the 'IPv4 local connections'
  * host    all             all             10.10.10.2/32         md5
1. Reload Postgres database
  * ```sudo /etc/init.d/postgresql reload```


## Set up Mattermost Server
1. For the purposes of this guide we will assume this server has an IP address of 10.10.10.2
1. For the sake of making this guide simple we located the files at `/home/ubuntu/mattermost`. In the future we will give guidance for storing under `/opt`.
1. We have also elected to run the Mattermost Server as the `ubuntu` account for simplicity.  We recommend setting up and running the service under a `mattermost` user account with limited permissions.
1. Download the latest Mattermost Server by typing:
  * ``` wget https://github.com/mattermost/platform/releases/download/v1.2.1/mattermost.tar.gz```
1. Unzip the Mattermost Server by typing:
  * ``` tar -xvzf mattermost.tar.gz```
1. Create the storage directory for files.  We assume you will have attached a large drive for storage of images and files.  For this setup we will assume the directory is located at `/mattermost/data`.
  * Create the directory by typing:
  * ``` sudo mkdir -p /mattermost/data```
  * Set the ubuntu account as the directory owner by typing:
  * ``` sudo chown -R ubuntu /mattermost```
1. Configure Mattermost Server by editing the config.json file at `/home/ubuntu/mattermost/config`
  * ``` cd ~/mattermost/config```
  * Edit the file by typing:
  * ``` vi config.json```
  * replace `DriverName": "mysql"` with `DriverName": "postgres"`
  * replace `"DataSource": "mmuser:mostest@tcp(dockerhost:3306)/mattermost_test?charset=utf8mb4,utf8"` with `"DataSource": "postgres://mmuser:mmuser_password@10.10.10.1:5432/mattermost?sslmode=disable&connect_timeout=10"`
  * Optionally you may continue to edit configuration settings in `config.json` or use the System Console described in a later section to finish the configuration.
1. Test the Mattermost Server
  * ``` cd ~/mattermost/bin```
  * Run the Mattermost Server by typing:
  * ``` ./platform```
  * You should see a console log like `Server is listening on :8065` letting you know the service is running.
  * Stop the server for now by typing `ctrl-c`
1. Setup Mattermost to use the Ubuntu Upstart daemon which handles supervision of the Mattermost process.
  * ``` sudo touch /etc/init/mattermost.conf```
  * ``` sudo vi /etc/init/mattermost.conf```
  * Copy the following lines into `/etc/init/mattermost.conf`
```
start on runlevel [2345]
stop on runlevel [016]
respawn
chdir /home/ubuntu/mattermost
setuid ubuntu
exec bin/platform
```   
  * You can manage the process by typing:
  * ``` sudo start mattermost```
  * Verify the service is running by typing:
  * ``` curl http://10.10.10.2:8065```
  * You should see a page titles *Mattermost - Signup*
  * You can also stop the process by running the command ` sudo stop mattermost`, but we will skip this step for now.

## Set up Nginx Server
1. For the purposes of this guide we will assume this server has an IP address of 10.10.10.3
1. We use Nginx for proxying request to the Mattermost Server.  The main benefits are:
  * SSL termination
  * http to https redirect
  * Port mapping :80 to :8065
  * Standard request logs
1. Install Nginx on Ubuntu with
  * ``` sudo apt-get install nginx```
1. Verify Nginx is running
  * ``` curl http://10.10.10.3```
  * You should see a *Welcome to nginx!* page
1. You can manage Nginx with the following commands
  * ``` sudo service nginx stop```
  * ``` sudo service nginx start```
  * ``` sudo service nginx restart```
1. Map a FQDN (fully qualified domain name) like **mattermost.example.com** to point to the Nginx server.
1. Configure Nginx to proxy connections from the internet to the Mattermost Server
  * Create a configuration for Mattermost
  * ``` sudo touch /etc/nginx/sites-available/mattermost```
  * Below is a sample configuration with the minimum settings required to configure Mattermost
 ```
   server {
	  server_name mattermost.example.com;
      location / {
		  client_max_body_size 50M;
		  proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
          proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
		  proxy_set_header Host $http_host;
		  proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
		  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
		  proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
		  proxy_set_header   X-Frame-Options   SAMEORIGIN;
          proxy_pass http://10.10.10.2:8065;
      }
    }
```
  * Remove the existing file with
  * ``` sudo rm /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default```
  * Link the mattermost config by typing:
  * ```sudo ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/mattermost /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/mattermost```
  * Restart Nginx by typing:
  * ``` sudo service nginx restart```
  * Verify you can see Mattermost thru the proxy by typing:
  * ``` curl http://localhost```
  * You should see a page titles *Mattermost - Signup*
  
## Set up Nginx with SSL (Recommended)
1. You will need a SSL cert from a certificate authority.
2. For simplicity we will generate a test certificate.
  * ``` mkdir ~/cert```
  * ``` cd ~/cert```
  * ``` sudo openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout mattermost.key -out mattermost.crt```
  * Input the following info 
```
    Country Name (2 letter code) [AU]:US
    State or Province Name (full name) [Some-State]:California
    Locality Name (eg, city) []:Palo Alto
    Organization Name (eg, company) [Internet Widgits Pty Ltd]:Example LLC
    Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:
    Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:mattermost.example.com
    Email Address []:admin@mattermost.example.com
```
3. Run `openssl dhparam -out dhparam.pem 4096` (it will take some time).
4. Modify the file at `/etc/nginx/sites-available/mattermost` and add the following lines:
```
  server {
       listen         80;
       server_name    mattermost.example.com;
       return         301 https://$server_name$request_uri;
  }
  
  server {
        listen 443 ssl;
        server_name mattermost.example.com;
		
        ssl on;
        ssl_certificate /home/ubuntu/cert/mattermost.crt;
        ssl_certificate_key /home/ubuntu/cert/mattermost.key;
        ssl_dhparam /home/ubuntu/cert/dhparam.pem;
        ssl_session_timeout 5m;
        ssl_protocols TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2;
        ssl_ciphers 'EECDH+AESGCM:EDH+AESGCM:AES256+EECDH:AES256+EDH';
        ssl_prefer_server_ciphers on;
        ssl_session_cache shared:SSL:10m;

		# add to location / above
		location / {
			gzip off;
			proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Ssl on;
```
## Finish Mattermost Server setup

1. Navigate to https://mattermost.example.com and create a team and user.
1. The first user in the system is automatically granted the `system_admin` role, which gives you access to the System Console.
1. From the `town-square` channel click the dropdown and choose the `System Console` option
1. Update Email Settings.  We recommend using an email sending service.  The example shows how an Amazon SES setup might look (sample credentials shown below are not real).
  * Set *Send Email Notifications* to true
  * Set *Require Email Verification* to true
  * Set *Feedback Name* to `No-Reply`
  * Set *Feedback Email* to `mattermost@example.com`
  * Set *SMTP Username* to `AFIADTOVDKDLGERR`
  * Set *SMTP Password* to `DFKJoiweklsjdflkjOIGHLSDFJewiskdjf`
  * Set *SMTP Server* to `email-smtp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`
  * Set *SMTP Port* to `465`
  * Set *Connection Security* to `TLS`
  * Save the Settings
1. Update File Settings
  * Change *Local Directory Location* from `./data/` to `/mattermost/data`
1. Update Log Settings.
  * Set *Log to The Console* to false  
1. Update Rate Limit Settings.
  * Set *Vary By Remote Address* to false
  * Set *Vary By HTTP Header* to X-Real-IP
1. Feel free to modify other settings.
1. Restart the Mattermost Service by typing:
  * ``` sudo restart mattermost```
